{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 clean;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1 Test #1 is found here: https://github.com/takiszourntos/teaching/tree/master/lambton/2020/summer/ese2025/week_5
\par\ql
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1 Deadline for submission on Moodle is 11:45AM today.
\par\ql
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1 We'll reconvene at 12:35PM to resume regular class.
\par\ql
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1 YOU MAY BEGIN NOW!
\par\ql
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1 Regarding systemctl (systemd):
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            The "Loaded:" line in the output will show "loaded" if the unit has been loaded into memory. Other possible values for
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            "Loaded:" include: "error" if there was a problem loading it, "not-found", and "masked". Along with showing the path to the
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            unit file, this line will also show the enablement state. Enabled commands start at boot. See the full table of possible
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            enablement states \u8212? including the definition of "masked" \u8212? in the documentation for the is-enabled command.
\par\ql
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            The "Active:" line shows active state. The value is usually "active" or "inactive". Active could mean started, bound, plugged
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            in, etc depending on the unit type. The unit could also be in process of changing states, reporting a state of "activating"
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            or "deactivating". A special "failed" state is entered when the service failed in some way, such as a crash, exiting with an
\par\ql\f0 \fs21 \cf1            error code or timing out. If the failed state is entered the cause will be logged for later reference.
\par\ql
\par\ql\f1 \fs21 \cf1 Also, to supplement my notes on Linked Lists and BSTs, please check out the corresponding material in Cormen et al. (Algorithms text)
\par\ql\par}